# Evaluating My Evaluations

My groups evaluation of GNOME clock was interesting in that it was basically a comprehensive example of
any type of red flag I could come up with.  Poor contribution guidlines, little feedback, issues that
have gone untouched for months.  From that standpoint it provided a lot of negatives to look out for (to 
the point I found myself getting a little over lazy as the evalutation went on) but it didn't give me a lot 
of GOOD things to look for.  If Im worried about one thing its being able to tell if I have the skills necessary
to really contribute.

Off of that, learning about Godot when one of the other groups presented felt like it was almost hand-selected for me.
I want to get into game creation after I graduate so it feels like a good opportunity to get some non-standard learning in.
The only thing is, while I know a bit about design and production, I know nothing about actual engine design.  This is 
both encouraging, as I want to learn about it, but also discouraging in the snese that I'm unsure I know enough to help.
I think this is something I can probably only decide with time either way, so I'll be looking into it.

As for the speech, I unfortunately didn\t make it (I swear, I genuinely had a really bad cold.  Just slept all day) But I got
a brief rundown from Charlie thankfully.  It was interesting to hear how some of the softwares he brought up connected with what
I've actually used.  It was nice to hear that Kafka hears wide use all around the industry, as its something I actually have a bit
of experience with.
