# Finishing up

We've done the presentation now, and everything left is pretty much housekeeping.  I'm definitely bummed
because as of now I don't have anything pulled, though I'm still hoping to get that tutorial story done.
Given that i'm dealing with other finals now though thats looking less and less likely, unless Im able to finsih it 
in its entirely on thursday and friday.  Before that needs to be pretty much entirely dedicated to other classes.

As I reflect on the class as a whole, I find myself somewhat conflicted on the lesson I'm supposed to take out of the 
whole thing.  On one hand, I want to say I need to "plan better", be more ready for surprises, communicate what work im doing 
better, have a backup plan if my idea doesn't pan out well.  But then I conisder, I'm pretty sure I "planned" the most of the group,
but im the only one who didn't actually get any work pulled.  On that note I think I may have overestimated how much of a "group" project
this was supposed to me.  That or my groupmates underestimated it? Hard to tell honestly.  Ultimately I think our communication was subpar,
I should've pushed harder to communicate in some way outside of slack , it took a pretty long time to get responses sometimes.  I think
this led to the disconnect on how much of a "group" project it was.  I had thought the knot count and subsequent additions was going to be our
big thing, and such in addition to the installer it was pretty much my only ideas, but my groupmates were a lot better about having options.
I did find myself blindsided by what others were doing sometimes.  I know it sounds like im throwing them under the bus, but really they did
better than i did so this is more an acknowledgement that my method may need work.  That or we were just kinda unlucky? Im hoping to get some 
feedback honestly, not entirely sure what to make of this.
